Line 1: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Line 2: Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Line 3: How vexingly quick daft zebras jump!
Line 4: Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.
Line 5: Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim.
Line 6: Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Line 7: Waltz, nymph, for quick jigs vex Bud.
Line 8: Fox nymphs grab quick-jived waltz.
Line 9: Glib jocks quiz nymph to vex dwarf.
Line 10: Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.
Line 11: Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Line 12: Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Line 13: The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Line 14: Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Line 15: Quick brown dogs jump the lazy fox.
Line 16: Jinxed wizards pluck ivy from the big quilt.
Line 17: Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk.
Line 18: A very big box sailed up then whizzed quick from Japan.
Line 19: The job requires extra pluck and zeal from every young wage earner.
Line 20: Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
Line 21: Heavy boxes perform quick waltzes and jigs.
Line 22: Pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs.
Line 23: The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
Line 24: Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
Line 25: The wizard quickly jinxed the gnomes before they vaporized.
Line 26: My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.
Line 27: A quivering Texas zombie fought republic linked jewelry.
Line 28: Just keep examining every low bid quoted for zinc etchings.
Line 29: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog again.
Line 30: Five hexing wizard bots jump quickly.
Line 31: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog once more.
Line 32: Quick brown foxes leap over lazy dogs in summer.
Line 33: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog for fun.
Line 34: Quick brown foxes are jumping over lazy dogs.
Line 35: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog at night.
Line 36: Quick brown foxes jump over lazy dogs every day.
Line 37: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog in the park.
Line 38: Quick brown foxes love to jump over lazy dogs.
Line 39: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog at dawn.
Line 40: Quick brown foxes jump over lazy dogs at dusk.
